# Git Practice
# Article Title: Is Computer Engineering Really Going to Be Automated?
`**Article Link**`: https://www.eteam.io/blog/computer-engineering-automated
`**Article Insights**`: I found this article interesting because it related to a piece I read in Andrew Yang’s book “The War on Normal People” in which he discussed the possible automation of Junior software engineering positions. From my understanding of the book, it seemed to be that first and second year college graduates holding software engineering positions might be at risk of losing their jobs to machine learning in 10-15 years. However, after reading this article, I learned that instead of being replaced, software engineers can leverage the benefits of machine learning to help ease testing issues that come along with developing code. The article discusses how the fear of being replaced by AI is warranted, but the first targets will be computer support specialists rather than engineers. The article goes on to explain that machine learning will improve the skills of software engineers by teaching people how to utilize reusable code, create larger projects, and speed up deployment. I found it interesting that some companies have already started using machine learning  to leverage web development and some are even using AI to create graphic designs and logos. Ultimately, automation and AI lowers the cost (and time) of producing software but there are some human skills that machine learning cannot replace. I found this article interesting because it really highlighted what will differentiate really strong software engineers in the future from replaceable ones. Virtually, those that carry non-technical skills, creativity, and emotional intelligence will be safe from having their job stolen. 